---
title: "Open Banking v3.2.0 Release Notes"
linkTitle: "Open Banking v3.2.0 Release Notes"
weight: 19
---

In this update we have upgraded FDX APIs to v5.2.1 and added support for Consent, Customer and Recipient Registration v5.2.1 APIs.

In addition, we have added Phase4b APIs for Open Finance Brazil.

This update also includes migration to YAML Entity Store from existing XML based API Gateway configuration.

## Upgrade existing deployment

Follow the [upgrade instructions](/docs/deployment/upgrade) to apply this update.

## New features and enhancements for v3.2.0

The following new features and enhancements are available in this update.

### Upgrade of FDX APIs to v5.2.1

* Core and Tax APIs are upgraded to v5.2.1
* Consent, Customer, Fraud and Recipient Registration v5.2.1 APIs are added in this release. For updated FDX API list, see [FDX API List](/docs/reference/fdx/#list-of-fdx-apis-included-in-amplify-open-banking).

### Open Finance Brazil updates

* Consent v2.2 beta1 support
* Phase4B APIs support
* Payment Initiation V3 support
* Phase2 v2.0.1 and 2.1.0 APIs update

### API Management changes

* API Gateway is upgraded to "May 2023 release(7.7-20230530)". For API Gateway release notes, see [API Gateway and API Manager 7.7 May 2023 Release Notes](https://docs.axway.com/bundle/axway-open-docs/page/docs/apim_relnotes/20230530_apimgr_relnotes/index.html).
* Migrated the API Gateway configuration from XML based FED to YAML Entity Store. For more information on YAML Entity store, see [YAML configuration](https://docs.axway.com/bundle/axway-open-docs/page/docs/apim_yamles/index.html).
* Added merge dir capabilities and Entity Store externalization. For more details on this topic, see [FDX API Management Configuration](/docs/deployment/installation/api-management/fdx-apim) for FDX and [Open Finance Brazil API Management Configuration](/docs/deployment/installation/api-management/obb-apim/) for Open Finance Brazil deployments.
* Some improvements to the Helm chart for the deployment of API Gateway, discovery and traceability agents.

API Gateway changes specific to Open Finance Brazil deployments:

* Removed dependency from envSettings.props file moving some variables to environment variables.
* Updated filebeat for backwards compatibility
    * Upgraded from version 7.9 to 8.10.4

API Manager changes specific to Open Finance Brazil deployments:

* Upgraded to the latest apimcli image 1.14.2
* Removed built in configuration files and added them as customizable configmaps
* Removed deprecated APIs
* Introduced APIM Settings configurable via values.yaml

Added a new module KPS-Config for Open Finance Brazil deployments:

* Must be executed after APIM full installation

### Cloudentity Updates

This release includes the Cloudentity v2.19.0-1. This new version includes:

* Initial support for Open Finance Consent Renewal specification new endpoints:
    * GET /open-banking/consents/v2/consents/{consentID}/extends
    * POST /open-banking/consents/v2/consents/{consentID}/extends
* Please note that for FDX deployments, Cloudentity v2.15.1-1 must be used.

For more information on Cloudentity changes, see [Cloudentity Release Notes](https://cloudentity.com/developers/deployment-and-operations/release-notes/).
